update documentation (#134)
packit/requre: docs/filter_format.rst

Recording decorators & Filter formats
=====================================
There are two types of decorators, **be aware** to not mix these.

>  - **Decorators for modification of loaded libraries** - These decorators are in online_replacing and  modules_decorate_all_methods files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Decorators for modification of loaded libraries** - These decorators are in online_replacing and  modules_decorate_all_methods files.
```

>     - Shortcut of decorators for some sets applicable to whole class
>     - Class decorators - applies replacements decorators to all methods
>     - Method decorators - applies replacements decorators to method

Reviewer: Some suggestions by Grammarly...
```suggestion
    - Shortcut of decorators for some sets applicable to the whole class.
    - Class decorators - Apply replacements decorators to all methods.
    - Method decorators - Apply replacements decorators to the method.
```

 - **Replacement decorators wokflow** - These decorators are part of helpers subdirectory and objects file where is the base class with main implementation.
    - Decorators for functions what should be modified (basic unit for working with object storage)

> Class decorators
> ---------------------
> There are shortcuts to decorate whole class by decorators for tests methods.
> You can define also setup and teardown methods for cassette as callback methods:
> 
>  - ``cassette_setup(self, cassette)`` - Setup cassette before test execution. It is executed after ``self.setUp`` method of unittest
>  - ``cassette_teardown(self, cassette)`` - Tear down method for cassette after test execution. It is executed before ``self.tearDown`` method of unittest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Class decorators
---------------------
There are shortcuts for decorating the whole class by decorators for tests methods.
You can define also setup and teardown methods for cassette as callback methods:

 - ``cassette_setup(self, cassette)`` - Setup cassette before test execution. It is executed after ``self.setUp`` method of unittest.
 - ``cassette_teardown(self, cassette)`` - Tear down method for cassette after test execution. It is executed before ``self.tearDown`` method of unittest.
```

> Generic usage
> _______________________
> It applies selected decorator to all methods of class. Structure is:
> 
>  - **class decorator** - apply_decorator_to_all_methods - it applies argument to all test methods  (``test.*``)
>  - **type of matching** - replace_module_match - decorating already loaded modules via modify of ``sys.modules``
>  - **what will be decorated** - ``math.sin`` - which module method will be decorated
>  - **decorated by** - ``Simple.decorator_plain()`` - this is the decorator for selected method in module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generic usage
_______________________
It applies selected decorator to all methods of class. Structure is:

 - **class decorator** - apply_decorator_to_all_methods - Applies argument to all test methods  (``test.*``).
 - **type of matching** - replace_module_match - Decorates already loaded modules via modify of ``sys.modules``
 - **what will be decorated** - ``math.sin`` - Which module method will be decorated.
 - **decorated by** - ``Simple.decorator_plain()`` - This is the decorator for selected method in module.
```

.. code-block:: python

    @apply_decorator_to_all_methods(
       replace_module_match(
           what="math.sin", decorate=Simple.decorator_plain()
       )
    )

> Shortcuts for selected modules
> ______________________________
> Most user friedly way how to work with requre, but just some modules or their parts are hadled by these
> (focused on usage requre in packit projects)
> 
> They are stored in ``requre/modules_decorate_all_methods.py``   file
> 
>  - **record_tempfile_module** -  workaround random file names via tempfile module. It changes it to use predictable names
>  - **record_git_module** - git module handling, it able to restore remote git opetarions like fetch, push, pull
>  - **record_requests_module** - store all remote operations via requests module, it changes ``requests.Session.send`` method, so it should be very generic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shortcuts for selected modules
______________________________
The most user-friendly way how to work with requre, but just some modules or their parts are handled by these
(focused on usage requre in packit projects).

They are stored in ``requre/modules_decorate_all_methods.py`` file.

 - **record_tempfile_module** -  Workaround random file names via tempfile module. It changes it to use predictable names.
 - **record_git_module** - The git module handling, it allows to restore remote git operations like fetch, push, pull.
 - **record_requests_module** - Store all remote operations via requests module, it changes ``requests.Session.send`` method, so it should be very generic.
```

Test methods decorators
-----------------------

> These decorators apply decorator to test method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These decorators apply a decorator to the test method.
```
